Fix SNMP trap reception when running Zino in Docker (#560)
Uninett/zino: changelog.d/+privilege-drop-numeric-uid.added.md

> `--user` and the `process.user` setting now accept a numeric `UID` or `UID:GID` in addition to a user name, so Zino can drop privileges to a UID that has no entry in `/etc/passwd` (e.g. inside a container)

Reviewer: Difficult to phrase but to me this first sounded like you can give it an UID and a user name 
```suggestion
`--user` and the `process.user` setting now accept a numeric `UID` or `UID:GID` or, as previously, a user name, so Zino can drop privileges to a UID that has no entry in `/etc/passwd` (e.g. inside a container)
```

Author: This is probably clearer, adopted, thanks :)
